Copy-edit Power.md section (#60)
openSUSE/openSUSE-docs-revamped-temp: project/docs/alternative_procurement.md

When it comes at getting software, modern Linux operating systems have access to a wide array of methods and formats. The openSUSE distributions are no exception:

* the official and unofficial repositories, which you interact with from `zypper`, and which provide binaries packaged as RPM files.
* third-party providers, which you interact with from a command prompt by downloading files (for example, with `wget`, `curl`, or `git`). These may provide you with a something ready to install, complete with binaries and installation scripts, or may include just source code and build scripts, so you must compile them yourself.

> * _Flatpak_ is the GNOME Project's containerized application delivery tool. You typically interact with it using the `flatpak` command, and it provides apps packaged up with all their dependencies.

Reviewer: Mmh, Flatpak does have its origins in the GNOME project but I agree about the removal.

```suggestion
* _Flatpak_ is a containerized application delivery tool. You typically interact with it using the `flatpak` command, and it provides apps packaged up with all their dependencies.
```

1. Find the repository providing the package you are looking for.
    * If the package is provided by one of the  official repositories that openSUSE already knows about, such as http://download.opensuse.org/update/tumbleweed/, then the desired package will show up in `zypper search <package_name>`.
    * If the package is _not_ provided by an official repository, you will need to first add the repository.
> :point_right: **TIP:** **Listing repositories**
>
> Use `zypper lr -d` to list all your repositories and their addresses.
2. Install the target package with `sudo zypper in <package_name>`. In certain cases you won't know the exact name of the package, so after adding the corresponding repository you can simply do `sudo zypper dup` to make sure that the package is installed among all the pending updates.

## The _openSUSE Software_ website

The openSUSE project maintains a website where contributors can host software packages for easy installation, especially those built using SUSE's _Open Build Service_. The site can be found at:

[openSUSE Software](https://software.opensuse.org/) — https://software.opensuse.org

> It offers a search engine and easy one-click installation using the openSUSE _YaST_ administration tool, but it also offers packages for multiple other distributions at the discretion of the maintainer. You can find packages for Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora and other distributions as well as openSUSE.

Reviewer: I struck the one-click thing. And made it less wordy.

```suggestion
It offers a search engine and installation on openSUSE using the YaST administration tool. In addition, in some cases, the tool also offers downloadable packages for Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, or other Linux distributions.
```

## AppImages

AppImage is the simplest cross-platform application package format, but that means that you need to do a little more work.

Installing an AppImage is as simple as downloading it from the project's website and then marking it as executable. You might wish to put it in its own folder, or have a dedicated folder for AppImages. For instance, if you made such a folder in your home directory:

>     mkdir ~/appimage

Reviewer: Yech. Capitalized dir names? I know why I am not using AppImages. :)

```suggestion
    mkdir ~/Applications
```
